For this exercise, you reviewed domain ownership for udacity.com.
Let me show you how it looks on domaintools.com.
Each IP address and domain on the internet has an owner.
This is the organization or person who registered it.
In the exercise you practiced viewing ownership of internet domains and IP addresses.
For example, udacity.com.
If you go to whois.domaintools.com,
you can enter any URL you want to find out who owns it.
Let's see who owns udacity.com.
The Whois record for udacity.com then appears.
You can see who registered it,
when it was registered,
their domain name servers,
contact information, IP addresses, and their history.
This is a wealth of information about a particular website,
all available from the domaintools.com.
Whois lookup.I recommend you practice on this using other domains.